WTD Style guide content changes. Related to PR 1501 (#1508)
writethedocs/www: docs/guide/writing/style-guides.md

# Style Guides

A style guide contains a set of standards for writing and designing content. It
helps maintain a consistent style, voice, and tone across your documentation,
whether you're a lone writer or part of a huge docs team. A style guide saves
documentarians time and trouble by providing a single reference for writing
about common topics, features, and more. It can provide guidelines for different
documentation deliverables, such as API reference manuals, tutorials, release
notes, or overviews of complex technical concepts.

A consistent tone and style makes your content easier to read, reducing your
users' [cognitive load](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_load) and
increasing their confidence in the content's authority.

## Write your own style guide?

You can certainly create a style guide of your own. This approach might work if
you're a lone writer or just starting a small docs group. But neither software
nor its documentation operates in a vacuum, so it's a good idea to consult other

> resources as well. Working from an existing style guide can also help you figure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resources as well. Working from an existing style guide also helps you figure
```

Reviewer: I made this edit just to play with inserting a suggestion. @barriebyron taught me about this feature today at Write the Docs Writing Day. I'll use this all the time at work now! Curious to see exactly how it works.
